License
Copyright © 2016, Hector Corcin
All Rights Reserved.

You may not alter, merge, modify, adapt or translate the Software, or 
decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the 
Software to a human-perceivable form. 

You may not sell, rent, lease, sublicense, transfer, resell for profit 
or otherwise distribute the Software, its documentation, or any part 
thereof. 

You may not remove or obscure any copyright and trademark notices 
relating to the Software. 

Hector Corcin reserves the right at any time to cease the support of the 
Software, features, specifications, capabilities, functions, licensing 
terms, release dates, general availability or other characteristics of 
the Software. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT 
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 




---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The script uses Lua languge which has the following license: 

Copyright © 1994–2015 Lua.org, PUC-Rio. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions: 

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 



---------------------------------------------------------------------------
curl license:

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE Copyright (c) 1996 - 2016, Daniel 
Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se, and many contributors, see the THANKS file. 
All rights reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute 
this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, 
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice 
appear in all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY 
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT 
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN 
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of a 
copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to 
promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior 
written authorization of the copyright holder. 




---------------------------------------------------------------------------
7-Zip license

      7-Zip Extra
      ~~~~~~~~~~~
      License for use and distribution
      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

      Copyright (C) 1999-2016 Igor Pavlov.

      7-Zip Extra files are under the GNU LGPL license.

      
      Notes: 
        You can use 7-Zip Extra on any computer, including a computer in a commercial 
        organization. You don't need to register or pay for 7-Zip.


      GNU LGPL information
      --------------------

        This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
        modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
        License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
        version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

        This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
        but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
        MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
        Lesser General Public License for more details.

        You can receive a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License from 
        http://www.gnu.org/

		
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
unar license:

	This program, "The Unarchiver", its accompanying libraries, "XADMaster"
and "UniversalDetector", and the various smaller utility programs, such
as "unar" and "lsar", are distributed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

"UniversalDetector" is also available under other licenses, such as the
Mozilla Public License. Please refer to the files in its subdirectory
for further information.

The GNU Lesser General Public License might be too restrictive for some
users of this code. Parts of the code are derived from earlier
LGPL-licensed code and will as such always be bound by the LGPL, but
some parts of the code are developed from scratch by the author of The
Unarchiver, Dag Ågren, and can thus be made available under a more
permissive license. For simplicity, everything is currently licensed
under the LGPL, but if you are interested in using any code from this
project under another license, please contact the author for further
information.

    - Dag Ågren, <paracelsus@gmail.com>	
		
