#iMetal

# Window geometry
padding.width: 3
border.width: 1
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 0

# Menu geometry
menu.border.width: 1
menu.overlap: -2

# Separator
menu.separator.color: #242525
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 3
menu.separator.padding.height: 3

# Border colors
window.active.border.color: #cccccc
window.inactive.border.color: #727272
menu.border.color: #454545
window.active.client.color: #dddddd
window.inactive.client.color: #727272

window.active.title.separator.color:  #242525
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #242525

# Text shadows
window.active.label.text.font: shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font: shadow=n
menu.items.font: shadow=n
menu.title.text.font: shadow=n
osd.label.text.font: shadow=n

# Window title justification
window.label.text.justify: center

# Active window
window.active.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #2a2928
window.active.title.bg.colorTo: #242525
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ababab

window.active.handle.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ff0000
window.active.handle.bg.colorTo: #0000ff

window.active.grip.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ff00ff
window.active.grip.bg.colorTo: #00ff00

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #727272

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #101010

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #444444

window.active.button.toggled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #101010

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #eeeeee

# Inactive windows
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #303030
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo: #242525

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #888888

window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #dadada
window.inactive.handle.bg.colorTo: #dadada

window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #dadada
window.inactive.grip.bg.colorTo: #dadada

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #555555

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #555555

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #555555

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #555555

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #eeeeee

# Menus
menu.title.bg: flat gradient vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #666666
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #303030
menu.title.text.color: #cdcdcd
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #242525
menu.items.text.color: #ababab
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #999999

menu.items.active.bg: flat gradient vertical border
menu.items.active.bg.border.color: #838484
menu.items.active.bg.color: #5b5a5a
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #1c1c1b
menu.items.active.text.color: #cdcdcd
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #c3c3c3

#osd
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color:  #ababab

osd.bg: flat gradient vertical
osd.bg.color: #2a2928
osd.bg.colorTo: #242525

osd.hilight.bg: flat gradient vertical
osd.hilight.bg.border.color: #101010
osd.hilight.bg.color: #202020
osd.hilight.bg.colorTo: #040404

osd.unhilight.bg: flat gradient vertical
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #444444
osd.unhilight.bg.colorTo: #6e6e6e

osd.label.bg: Parentrelative
osd.label.text.color: #fafafa
